[Music]
ten exercises to become taller in one
week you may have different reasons for
dreaming of becoming taller perhaps your
partner is towering over you and you
feel uncomfortable because of that maybe
your family is tall and you just don't
want to lag behind however everybody
knows that the height depends on many
factors environment hormones your genes
and nutrition but if you've always
believed that you must just grin and
bear it think twice it's hard but not
impossible to change your height even
after 25 the thing is that people grow
until they reach the age of 20 to 25
then your chances to add an inch or two
seem to come to an end
what's more after 40 your body starts to
shrink
however some exercises may help you
become taller some of them are just so
effective that it may take less than a
week for you to see the results
here's several recommendations that will
help you to increase your height just
keep in mind that the result will depend
on your age and if you're older than 25
you won't have to buy longer pants
suddenly number one hanging exercises
[Music]
this exercise is extremely convenient as
you don't need any special equipment to
do it surely if you go to the gym you
can use pull-up bars but if you don't
have time or wish to do any sports just
a tree branch check how safe it is first
or the monkey bars at the nearest
playground will be enough all you need
to do is hold onto the bars tightly and
try to hang not touching the ground with
your feet for as long as you can
position your palms so that they face
away from you relax your body it should
feel loose start with 20 seconds then
gradually increase the time there's
several benefits of this exercise first
of all this is an antigravity one
secondly every muscle in your body
stretches when you hang these stretch
muscles receive more blood as it
circulates better in the stretched limbs
what's more oxygen moves better in the
whole body all in all this leads to a
gradual natural stretch number 2
downward dog to do this exercise get
down on your hands and knees your hands
should be in front of your shoulders
raise your knees from the floor your
tailbone should be lifted towards the
ceiling push your heels toward the floor
gently this will help to stretch the
hamstrings
you should stay this way for 5 to 10
seconds the effect will be best if you
repeat this five times
[Music]
as for the benefits of this post they
are numerous in respect to becoming
taller this exercise improves stretch
ability which includes arms legs back
calves and hamstrings and a well
stretched body is a taller body number
three cobra pose for the next exercise
you'll need a sports mat lie down on the
floor your palms should stay facedown
position near the middle of your ribs
your legs should be together the tops of
your feet flat on the floor use your
back muscles not your arms to lift the
chest from the floor stay this way for
20 seconds
this exercise helps to stretch all the
muscles in your chest shoulders and
abdominals what's more it has several
additional benefits such as decreasing
the stiffness of the lower back
increasing flexibility strengthening
your shoulders and arms and firming and
toning the buttocks number four cat and
cow stretch take a position on your
hands and knees slowly press your spine
up and arch your back this is the cat
pose stay this way for five seconds then
change the position to the cow pose
scoop your spine in lift your head and
press the shoulder blades back repeat
this step ten times this exercise
stretches your torso back and neck
what's more it makes your spine
alignments better also it helps
abdominal muscles get stronger relieves
back pain and calms you down
[Music]
number five calves stretch
face the wall standing a bit more than
an arm's length away step forward with
your right leg your left leg should be
extended behind you with the heel flat
on the floor start to bend your right
knee pressing down on the heel of your
left leg stay this way for about five
seconds then switch the legs as you
become more acquainted with this
exercise increase the duration you stay
in the position up to 20 seconds and
more this process will help you to
lengthen your calf muscles don't forget
to breathe during the exercise relaxing
and avoiding the urge to tense
[Music]
number six next stretch sit down on a
chair it should properly support your
back start to bend your chin until it
touches your chest if it's hard to do
bend your neck as far as it can go
without you feeling pain stay in this
position for 20 seconds
raise your head repeat this five times
then tilt your head back as if you want
to see the Stars stay this way for 20
seconds then straighten your head repeat
this exercise five times such movements
called flex Ian stretching the neck
forward and extension stretching the
neck backward help to elongate the
muscles in your neck and a longer neck
will give you additional height
[Music]
number seven hip flexor stretch this
exercise will super effectively stretch
your hip flexors to begin with get down
on your left knee positioning your right
foot on the floor in front of you put
your hands on the right knee at the same
time pressing your hips forwards you
should feel a good stretch in your hip
flexors stay in this pose for 30 seconds
then switch legs to make the stretch
more intense lift your arms over your
head and arch your body back
[Music]
number eight lifting up to your toes
this exercise is popularly known as
vibration gymnastics there have been
claims that by regular practice it can
even prolong your life by decades stand
straight with your heels raised about
two inches hold and fall back on your
heels
repeat this for thirty seconds eight to
ten times a day when your heels are
raised the largest blood vessels are
filled with blood due to muscle
contraction and when the heels are
dropped back down the blood turns around
and immediately starts moving towards
your heart thus reducing the strain on
it at the same time blood gets access to
all the muscles thus allowing them to
stretch much better
[Music]
number nine skipping skipping is another
way to become taller this is a heart
pumping activity what is more this is a
high-speed activity and when you skip
all the muscles and ligaments of your
body stretch and contract as a result
they become more elastic
additionally skipping makes the whole
body slimmer and with a slimmer body you
look taller
[Music]
number 10 swimming swimming is one of
the most effective exercises to gain
height the thing is that it stretches
both the body and the spot moreover when
a person is swimming gravitation doesn't
affect them so when they keep moving
their muscles this stretches the body
extremely well simultaneously having a
great effect on the spine while it gets
longer the most fruitful swimming style
is the breaststroke when you use it
while swimming you extend your legs and
arms straight so your body is pulled in
the opposite direction and well
stretched try to swim a minimum of five
days a week for several hours and you'll
see noticeable results
[Music]
are you satisfied with your height if
not what exercises do you use to become
taller tell us in the comments below
share this video with those of your
friends who have been dreaming of
gaining several inches for ages remember
to press two buttons after watching this
video stay with us on the bright side of
life
[Music]